# Meeting Title: [HeadsUp's Meeting with Professor Rose]

**Date:** 2025-10-08
**Time:** 13:00 - 14:00 [EST]
**Location:** [Engineering Annex Room 319]

**Regrets:**
* [No Regrets]

**Meeting Purpose:**
[To go over development progress and set future paths.]

---

## Agenda Items
0.  **[Quick Recap]** (Time Allotted: [3~5 min])
    *   **Discussion Points:**
    *   Project scope (quick recap of requirements), task division
    *   Course timeline

1.  **[Robotic Arm Status Update]** (Time Allotted: [10 min])
    *   **Discussion Points:**
        *   Manual: <https://www.waveshare.net/wiki/RoArm-M2-S>
        *   Available Resources:
            *   Open source code for local development.
            *   Development tool setup tutorial (Arduino IDE).
            *   Drawings are available.
            *   Robotic arm technical support available from WaveShare.
        *   Demo of Caroline's code: [4-DOF illustration](/Code/arm4dof_test.py) to show expectation movement field of robotic arm.
        *   Robotic Arm's movement control: <https://www.waveshare.net/wiki/RoArm-M2-S_%E6%9C%BA%E6%A2%B0%E8%87%82%E6%8E%A7%E5%88%B6>
    *   **Presenter/Lead:** [Kyna]

2.  **[Remote Controller]** (Time Allotted: [20 min])
    *   **Discussion Points:**

        i. **Disassembled the market product**
        - Found out that the core implementation is just a Bluetooth module.
        - Adding robotic arm control would still require extra PCB work/soldering/custom case

           -> similar effort to developing directly on ESP32. → Decided to test ESP32 functionality to verify feasibility for the first step.

        ii. **Test with ESP32**
        - Verified ESP32 can successfully send signals to a smartphone via Bluetooth using Arduino.
          * Code: [ESP32 bluetooth functionality test](/Code/ESP32_BLTconnect_test.ino) -> can translate _"pressing button"_ to _"typing 'A' on cellphone"_

        iii. **Next step**
        - Choose a suitable touchpad module (either reuse from the commercial product or purchase separately).
        - Connect via breadboard and implement I2C communication between touchpad and ESP32
        - Map touch input to cursor movement on cellphone.

    *   **Presenter/Lead:** [Caroline, Kyna]

3.  **[AI Development]** (Time Allotted: [15 min])
    *   **Discussion Points:**
        *   
        *   
    *   **Presenter/Lead:** [Xindi, Georgia, Kyna]

4.  **[Round of Table]** (Time Alloted: [5 min])
    *   **Discussion Points:**
        *   Everyone is free to raise concerns if any.
    *   **Presenter/Lead:** [All]


---
<!--
## Action Items

*   **[Action Item 1 Description]**
    *   **Assigned To:** [Name]
    *   **Due Date:** YYYY-MM-DD

*   **[Action Item 2 Description]**
    *   **Assigned To:** [Name]
    *   **Due Date:** YYYY-MM-DD

---
-->

## Wrap-up

*   **Next Meeting Date & Time:** 2025-10-22 at 13:00 [EST]
<!--
*   **Future Agenda Items/Parking Lot:**
    *   [Item 1 for future discussion]
    *   [Item 2 for future discussion]
-->
